Update financial-services-secure-collaboration.md (#3528)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/financial-services-secure-collaboration.md

For example, insider risk management in Microsoft 365 can correlate signals from a user's Windows 10 desktop, such as copying files to a USB drive or emailing a personal email account, with activities from online services such as Office 365 email, SharePoint Online, Microsoft Teams, or OneDrive for Business, to identify data exfiltration patterns. It can also correlate these activities with employees leaving an organization, which is a common data exfiltration pattern. It can monitor multiple activities and behavior over time. When common patterns emerge, it can raise alerts and help investigators focus on key activities to verify a policy violation with a high degree of confidence. Insider risk management can pseudo-anonymize data from investigators to help meet data privacy regulations, while still surfacing key activities that help them perform investigations efficiently. It allows investigators to package and securely send key activity data to the HR and legal departments, following common escalation workflows for raising cases for remediation action.

> Insider risk management in Microsoft 365 significantly increases capabilities of organizations to monitor and investigate insider risks while allowing organizations to still meet data privacy regulations and follow established escalation paths when cases require higher-level action. For more information about Insider risk management in Microsoft 365, [View Modern risk pain points and Work flow in Microsoft risk management](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/insider-risk-management?view=o365-worldwide),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insider risk management in Microsoft 365 significantly increases capabilities of organizations to monitor and investigate insider risks while allowing organizations to still meet data privacy regulations and follow established escalation paths when cases require higher-level action. For more information about insider risk management in Microsoft 365, see [Modern risk pain points and Workflow in Insider risk management in Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/insider-risk-management?view=o365-worldwide).
```
